Double click on the page card.
The page structure window will
appear on the editor pane.
At the article level,
you must select the option add article.
A new article is added to the page.
You can now create the
content for the article.
On the article card,
select the gearwheel button labeled
click to edit and choose edit from the options.
This opens the article settings menu.
In the field labeled title,
enter a new article title.
You can choose to add content to
the body section in the article.
Select the green button labeled
save located at the top left
of the screen in the sidebar.
When you select the save button,
Adapt will automatically save your
article title and content
and take you back to the page structure menu.